# Clearview-PHP
My Final Project for Internet Computing at MSU

This website first allows users to choose whether they are a customer or an employee. Assuming they choose they are a customer, the first thing they will see is the about page of the website, which displays a brief description on the site itself. The customer view allows has a navigation bar allowing for the customer to choose whether they want to traverse to the about page, the products page,their current cart, or return to the initial view. If they move to the products page, they will see that the products are listed by categories off to the left-hand side of the page, and they can choose a different category to view the products within it. Users can also choose to add one of the items to their cart, which will take them to their view of the cart. In the cart they can choose to remove 1 of any items that they have or choose to checkout. If they choose to checkout they are taken to the checkout form where they must enter their name, address, and card number before choosing to place the order. After placing the order they will be presented with a message thanking them for their purchase and sent back to the initial view.

In the case of choosing the employee option on the initial view, the user will be presented with a login screen where they must enter an email and password which will be checked against those in the database, and if it is valid then they will be presented with the table view of employees at the company. If they are logged in as the CEO, then they will see the option to fire employees and to add a new one, which will bring up a form for the new employee’s information. The navigation bar in the employee view provides the options of viewing the employee table, the products table, the orders table, or log out and return to the initial view. In the case of choosing the products table, it will display all of the products for purchase on the site and allow the CEO to add new products in a similar fashion to adding employees. And lastly, if the order table is chosen it will display all placed orders, allowing the CEO to delete any.
